Document `CYTHON_EXTERN_C` macro (#5366)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/external_C_code.rst

    the resulting ``.so`` file like a dynamic library.
    Beware that this is not portable, so it should be avoided.

C++ public declarations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When a file is compiled as C++, the public function is declared as C++ API (using ``extern "C++"``) by default. This disallows to call
> the function from C code. To declare the function as C API, the ``extern`` declaration needs to be manually specified by the user.
> This can be done by setting ``CYTHON_EXTERN_C`` C macro to ``extern "C"`` during compilation of generated C++ file::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a file is compiled as C++, its public functions are declared as C++ API (using ``extern "C++"``) by default.
This disallows to call the functions from C code.  If the functions are really meant as a plain C API,
the ``extern`` declaration needs to be manually specified by the user.
This can be done by setting the ``CYTHON_EXTERN_C`` C macro to ``extern "C"`` during the compilation of the generated C++ file::
```
